Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
MILAN. 1945
LAST DAYS OF WAR
THIS IS TRUE HISTORY.
THIS STORY IS TRUE-ISH.
WHISPERS OF MEMORY
Hail to Il Duce!
Fighters…
…of land. of sea…
…and of air.
Listen…
Men and women of Italy.
of the empire
and of the Kingdom of Albania.
There is only one word! Only one word!
Conquer!
ROBBING MUSSOLINI
CABIRIA THEATER
THE END
Goodbye. Lugano Bella
Oh. sweet pious land
The anarchists go away
But you speak of us
With a vile lie…
EXPLOSIVES
GATE. SHELTER. TOWER
DEATH TO BANDITS
FOUR DAYS TO THE HEIST
Citizens. Workers.
General strike
against the German occupation.
against the fascist war
for the salvation of our lands.
of our houses. our workshops.
As in Genoa and Turin.
make the Germans face the dilemma.
surrender or perish.
THREE DAYS TO THE HEIST
THREE DAYS
24 HOURS TO THE HEIST
ZERO HOURS TO THE HEIST
NATIONAL REPUBLICAN GUARD
EXPLOSIVE
We interrupt this broadcast
to communicate some extraordinary news.
The German armed forces
have surrendered to the Anglo-Americans.
The war is over.
I repeat. the war is over.